Sokoban!  A fun block slider game you can play anywhere, on the go!  And best of all, it's completely free!

Do you like to organize things?  That's the goal of Sokoban.  You're tasked with moving all of the boxes to their proper places.  But there's a catch.  You can only push them one at a time.  You play as the green square pushing the red boxes into the white outlines.

When you first open Sokoban, you'll be in level selection mode, indicated by a blue background.  From here you can tap the top of the screen to change the puzzle set between easy, medium, hard, or online.  Tap the left or right edge to navigate between levels within a set, or the bottom to play the displayed level.  If you've already solved a puzzle, its title will be green, and the previous number of moves will be displayed at the bottom of the screen.

In play mode, indicated by a black background, you can tap the edges of the screen, or swipe on the screen, to move the green square around the map.  At any time, you can tap the middle of the screen to toggle UNDO mode, indicated by a red background.  In UNDO mode, you can tap the left or right edges to undo or redo moves, or tap the bottom of the screen to go back to level selection mode.

Once you get all of the boxes into their proper locations, the background will turn green, indicating that you have won the level.  From here, you can tap the right edge to play the next level or the left edge to go to the level select screen.

There are 100 easy, 50 medium, and 50 hard levels built into the game.  Or you can choose to play online levels, which will retrieve 20 random levels from a pool over over 1,200.  Online levels are never retrieved automatically.  You must tap the middle of the screen while on the online puzzle selection screen to load or refresh the list of puzzles.

Garmin intercepts swiping right as a request to go back to the previous view.  So in order to support swiping in all directions during play, back functionality, including using a hardware button, is disabled in that mode.  To exit the game, you will need to be in any other mode, represented by a colored background.  The easiest way is to simply tap the center of the screen to get into UNDO mode.

I made this game for fun and share it freely.  Find my other Garmin apps, or leave me a tip, at this link:

http://garmin.kzibart.com